an Israeli drone strike in southern
Lebanon has reportedly killed a senior
commander of the Hezbollah militant
group hasah put out a statement
confirming that one of its commanders
wisam Hassan Al tail was killed in a
strike on Monday but it provided no
further details lebanes security sources
say that he was a member of hezbollah's
Elite rodwan Force and that he died in
an attack on a vehicle in the Southern
Village of kbet selm near the border
with Israel this is the second
high-profile killing inside Lebanon this
year last week hamas's Deputy leader s
aori was killed in a blast in a Beirut
suburb all right for more now I want to
bring in our correspondent abas Al Kali
in Beirut abas it's good to see you
we've got an elite Hezbollah Commander
killed today by an Israeli strike talk
to me what do we know about the
importance of this this person for
Hezbollah and is this a setback for
Hezbollah
you know the security sources identified
him Asam his good name had jaad wasam ta
was a commander in hisbah Elite radwan
forces and the most senior hisbah
Commander killed so far in the conflict
a senior sources in liban and said he
played a leading role in directing its
operation in the South hisbah mours him
hisbah posted photos of with leaders
including Secretary General s Hassan n
andad m its military commander who was
killed in Syria in 2008 another photo
showed him sitting next to the former
leader of the Iranian alud Force kasim
sumani who was killed by a us thr strike
in Baghdad uh four days ago so he must
be very important person official in
hisbah and let me get your take on this
there is a lot of fear that the the war
in Gaza could expand there could be a
wider conflict in the region
particularly between Israel and
Hezbollah we know that the US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin that's one
reason why he's traveling back to Israel
again as we speak I mean what do you
make with this um with this death this
killing this latest one what does it do
to the chances of Hezbollah and Israel
going to
war you know this starking today it's
hard to believe the strike which
happened today is coincidence the strike
happened before the US Secretary as you
mentioned the US Secretary of State
blink arriving Israel and one day before
Germans foreign minister Mrs bbuk
arriving Lebanon blinkin was holding
talks on Gaza and the United Arab
Emirates sodia Qatar uh and on Monday
today before heing on to Israel aiming
to Quick concerted peace offers that he
says are needed to avoid a wider
escalation so um uh we don't know uh you
know as you see it's it's not a
coincidence some people saying and some
people saying it's um the the targeting
from both sides happen since two months
and uh it could be a go farther we don't
know how is it being reported there in
Lebanon you know um it's the situation
is quite complicated now in in in
Lebanon and the people are the societ is
divided in some way and you know that
there's um the taring of Commons and
leaders of hisas and is Al can lead to
exacerbate the situation along the
southern border of Lebanon and the fears
of further escalation is existing here
in Beirut and everywhere in leanon but
one of the security sources in Lebanon
said about the strike today this is a
very painful strike another one said
things will layer up now we don't know
we have to wait and see how will be the
response of hisbah our correspondent AB
Al Kali in Beirut with the latest
tonight abas thank
you